
Meeting date: 04/06/17, 7:20 PM to 8:20 PM
Location: CP 106
Attending: Robert, Rand, Reagan, Ryan 
Absent: no one
Facilitator: Rand
Minutes Taker: Reagan 

First Meeting
Discussion summary: Disscusing what we want in a meeting, esstablishing that meetings should be short and frequent
to make sure everyone is one the same page. Make sure everyone brings computers. Weekly Reports: Make sure the weekly report
is posted on canvas, everyone must reply. TeamName is "The Pirates". Talk about user stories.
as a user I'd like the program to be easy,
...I'd like the program to save online automatically
...cost/benifit analysis
...i'd like the program to collect data
n...i'd like the program to 

listing what is on list 2 and what we think is possible:
---------| cross platform |  mobility  |  database  | votes
Website:          yes		yes	    yes         2
Desktop:	  yes		no	    yes		2
Mobile:		  no*		yes         yes

What would it take to break the tie?
For website. GUI's in java take a bit, HTML will be easier
aFor Destop: we're all familiar with it. 
Decided for HTML page:
Objectives everyone look up javascript.



Meeting date: 04/13/17, 5:40 PM to 7:20 PM
Location: CP 325
Attending: Robert, Rand, Reagan, Ryan 
Absent: no one
yFacilitator: Robert
Minutes Taker: Rand

Discussion summary: 
•	The group agreed after revising the project plan with the instructor to use Java instead of JavaScript.
•	The group make paper sketches for the few program GUI frames (Start-up, Home, Side Menu, Bill Estimator, New Project).
•	Robert has a sample start-up menu. 
•	Reagan is working on J-Unit for iteration 1.
MObjectives:
•	Modify the start-up frame to take user input 
•	Finish J-unit for start-up frame
•	Write and submit iteration 1 through Canvas. 

Meeting date: 04/20/17, 7:20 PM to 8:20 PM
Location: CP 106
Attending: Robert, Reagan, Ryan  
Absent: Rand
Facilitator: Ryan
Minutes Taker: Robert

Discussion summary:
•	The group discussed changes to the UI and layout of our program based on the feedback from the paper prototypes.
•	We also discussed how we would implement the projects system and Ryan made UML diagrams to represent our classes.

Objects:
•	Finalize the format of our program so that we can start working on it in Java.

Meeting date: 04/27/17, 7:20 PM to 8:00 PM
Location: CP 106
Attending: Robert, Rand, Reagan, Ryan 
Absent: no one
Facilitator: Reagan
Minutes Taker: Ryan

Discussion summary:
Primary: -Established duties for the upcoming deliverable due date. 
         -Made small changes to the plans for the UI.
         
Secondary: -Updated each other on where we were, as well as where we are headed with our coding.

Objectives:
Figure out whose doing what for the deliverable; touch bases on individual coding projects.



Meeting date: 05/04/17, 6:20 PM to 7:00 PM
Location: CP 106
Attending: Robert, Rand, Reagan 
Absent: Ryan
Facilitator: Rand
Minutes Taker: Reagan
Notes: Talking about the UML noticing some redundencies.Maybe take out the interface. 
Next topic: Saving data. Options txt file, csv, look into file object stream or object stream.
Next Topic: Phone use; can swing be used on android? Answer yes. CodeNameOne. it downloads as an 
extension into inteliJ. Reagan will work on getting the app on Phone.
Rand has made Insulation page. Ryan has made UML. 

Meeting date: 05/09/17, 7:20 PM to 8:00 PM
Location: CP 206
Attending: Robert, Rand, Reagan, Ryan
Absent: no one
Facilitator: Robert
Minutes Taker: Rand
Notes: Modifying GUI plan, Modifying UML design, Introducing Mobile APP plan for revision, Introducing Insullation Calculator. 
Next Topic: Robert and Rand agreed to construct classes that will connect UML with the current main 
         class obtained in the project. 
Next Topic: Ryan is revising and improving UML design according to notes taken last Thursday.
Next Topic: Reagan introduced mobile app structure to the group. Revisions are in process to the mobile app structure.
Next Topic: Robert has reduced the running time of the project by modifying the mouseListener(). 
Next Topic: Robert and Reagan introduced a calculator for insullation projects. 



Meeting date: 05/18/17, 6:00 PM to 7:20 PM
Location: CP 206
Attending: Robert, Rand, Reagan
Absent: Rand
Facilitator: Ryan
Minutes Taker: Robert

Notes: Our meeting was a part of the class today. We work on getting everyone setup with Git and IntelliJ. We also finished
the code for iteration one and started debugging the program a little on Windows.
 
 Next Topic: Ryan will finish some of his tests fo the save and load methods and take some screenshots for interation 1.
 Next Topic: Robert will continue working on the GUI to finish the project.
 Next Topic: Reagan will continue working on the code for the insulation project.
 
 
 Meeting Date: 5/23/17, 6:30 - 7:15 PM
 Location: CP 206
 Attending: Robert, Rand, Reagan, Ryan
 Absent: None
 Facilitator: Robert
 Minutes: Ryan
 
 Talked about what our next steps to getting the project finished and ready for presentation. Admitted that not all we would have liked
 will be complete by the time the presentation takes place. Went over the "To-Do's" in the intelliJ project. Reagan talked about
 his next steps for implementing the mathmatical calculations into the project for making the graph work. Ryan and Rand are to work
 on the "To-Do's". 
 
  Meeting Date: 5/30/17, 6:30 - 7:15 PM
 Location: CP 325
 Attending: Robert, Rand, Reagan, Ryan
 Absent: None
 Facilitator: Reagan
 Minutes: Robert
 
 This class was dedicated to working on the project exclusively. No one in particular was dedicated to fascilitating. We mostly worked on fixing
 a single bug that ended up being really simple. After this day we had the vast majority of our project finished
 and all that was left was to prepare for our presentation.
